.
[indistinct chatter]
- [sighs]
What happened
to real soul food?
Now they got goat cheese
in the grits?
- People ain't standing
an hour and a half outside
for no reason.
They gotta be doing
something right.
Problem is, you're still
used to that prison chow.
Try new things, old man.
- Say what?
- Those are good grits,
trust me.
- Mm. I don't know.
We might have to
let Jordan decide.
He is coming, right?
- Uh, Jordan?
Something probably came up.
You know, at that age,
it's always something
with their friends.
- So what's the real reason?
- I don't know.
It might take him a while
to wrap his mind
around this whole thing.
He need a little time.
He'll be all right.
- Now, that I get.
You know,
you ain't gotta do that.
- I ain't gotta do what?
- Try and protect me.
Manage it.
That ain't on you.
I can handle it.
- I know.
- I been taking
truck driving classes,
trying to work on
getting my CDL.
Buddy of mine told me about
an opening for drivers,
makes decent money.
- That's good.
- I'd like to start paying rent
at the building, son.
Handle that one too.
- Okay.
Well, you bring me some of
that good food off the road,
and maybe you got you a deal.
You sure you don't want
that ride?
You don't always gotta take
the train, man.
- I prefer it, man.
Best view of the city.
- All right.
- Besides, I know you gotta get
to work.
- I actually got
plenty of time.
Wait, come on, man.
This watch too damn new
to be breaking on me already.
- Probably just a dead battery.
- I just changed
this battery, though.
- Well, you couldn't
be in a better place.
Jewelers Row is right up there.
- You're damn right.
It's sure is.
You sure you good?
- Don't worry about me, son.
I'll be in the best seat
in the house.
- Damn.
[glass shatters]
[people screaming]
Hell was that?
[tense music]
* *
Hey, Chicago PD, talk to me.
What happened?
- Robbery.
They're robbing that store.
They have guns!
- How many offenders?
How many offenders? Damn.
* *
Officer Atwater,
badge number 52784.
I'm on view of a
potential armed robbery
at 5 West Wabash.
Offenders might be inside.
I'm going in.
- Don't look at me!
* *
- Chicago PD,
let me see your hands!
- [screams]
- Chicago PD! Hands in the air!
[gunshots]
Okay, stay down. Stay down.
I'ma get you out of here.
Stay down.
* *
- We gotta go, man!
- Ahh!
- [gasps]
- No, stay down!
[gunshots]
- [gasping]
- We gotta go, man!
- Get the last of it!
- Hey, just stay down!
- Do it!
[gunshots]
- Stay down!
* *
[door buzzer blaring]
- Come on, get up!
- [groans]
- No, stay down!
[gunshot]
- [screams]
- Ah!
- [groans]
* *
- Get up! Get up!
[sobbing]
Corey!
- This is Kevin Atwater.
- Open this door!
- I'm at that armed robbery
on 5 West Wabash.
I got one DOA.
And I got a GSW to the neck.
I'm gonna need ambos
very, very fast,
because he's
bleeding out real bad.
I need an ambo now.
- Corey!
- Hey, what's your name, man?
- Corey, baby,
baby, baby, baby.
- Corey? Okay, Corey.
I need you just apply pressure
right there
on that wound for me,
all right, man?
Press as hard
as you can, all right?
Uh...I got you.
Damn!
Where's the key?
Come on, come on.
Key, key, key, key.
Where's the key?
I just need the key.
- No, no, no, no, no, no,
open your eyes, baby.
Please, look at me.
[sobs]
- Hold tight.
[grunting]
- Please get up.
- You're awake.
I'm gonna shoot this door off.
[gunshots]
Damn!
Okay. I'm coming out.
- Look at me, baby.
- Stay back.
Stay back. Stay back.
Stay back.
I got him. I got him.
Back up, back up, back up!
I got him!
- Baby, please.
- I love you.
- Please don't die, baby.
- Back up! I got him!
- [sobbing]
- Hold on, Corey!
* *
.
- Get back!
- All right.
- You're clear. Go ahead.
- [sobbing] Please, please,
let me go be with my husband.
Let me see him.
- They just wanna
check him, all right?
- Please tell me
he's gonna be okay.
- They're gonna check him.
[somber music]
* *
- You all right?
- I'm fine.
- What happened?
- Violent two-man
smash-and-grab
turned double homicide.
The first victim had sustained
a pretty heavy beating
even before I pulled up.
I ID'd him as the owner,
George Burton.
He died from a skull fracture
after one of
the offenders smashed
his head on the counter.
The second victim,
Corey Westbrooke,
died from a GSW to the neck.
Both the offenders fled
out the back in all black.
- Patrol back there said
they found a witness
that saw the offenders fleeing.
Black Jeep, no plates.
BOLO's out.
- There any cameras inside?
- Yeah,
there was cameras in there.
But the offender
smashed them out.
Sarge, I know this here's
a robbery-homicide,
but we gotta take this.
- Oh, it's ours.
All right, have Forensics
lick the scene dry.
Let's go.
Talk to every witness.
- All right.
- Hey,
you good to take the wife?
- Yeah, I got her.
- All right.
- We were looking at necklaces
by the window.
And there was a smash.
They were inside.
The owner wouldn't give them
the combination to the safe,
so they hit him.
And they screamed at us,
and they took our wallets.
And then you arrived.
- They took your wallets?
- They said if
we called the police
that they would use
our licenses to find us.
- Okay.
Okay.
- We weren't even
supposed to be here.
- You weren't
supposed to be there?
What does that mean,
Mrs. Westbrooke?
- We were just walking by
when I saw the necklaces
in the window.
How much longer is
he gonna be here?
Why haven't they moved him?
- Soon as they're clearing
everything for evidence.
- I don't want him here.
- I understand that.
I know this is hard,
but we're almost done.
Can you tell me if
you saw any faces?
Did you see any skin,
anything like that?
- No.
No, I didn't see anything.
Look, I don't wanna
talk to you anymore.
I just wanna go
be with my husband.
- Okay.
- Sir.
- No, you can't.
I'm sorry.
- That's my husband.
It's my husband.
- Sir?
How are you doing?
Officer Atwater
with Intelligence.
Are you going inside
to inspect the bodies?
- Forensics just cleared.
- Have you completed your
preliminaries already?
- Yes.
- All right.
I got one quick question
about that GSW
to the neck, Corey Westbrooke.
If he would have been
reached immediately,
would he have survived?
- I can't answer that
with authority.
- Yeah, I know, but it's not
for the record, sir.
- Look, there are 1,000 factors
that could affect survival.
- I understand that.
It's not for the record.
- He still may have lost
the same amount of blood
in transport.
- Okay, but if the blood loss
would have been
lessened immediately,
pressure would have been
applied in here?
Or if I would have
got to him sooner,
would he have survived?
* *
- Yes.
He may have survived.
* *
- We get any cameras
from our canvass?
- Yeah, one.
Covert across the street.
Kim's working it now.
- Okay, good.
What else?
- No pops on the BOLO.
Jeep was hot.
Nothing yet from Forensics.
- All right. Ballistics?
- Yeah, we do have
something there.
Slugs found at the scene
match a weapon used
at a cell phone store robbery
two weeks ago.
Details match
our offenders' MO.
Two offenders,
same stats, came in,
smashed windows,
cameras, took IDs,
and grabbed everything
they could carry.
- Well, that sounds good.
- Except Robbery-Homicide's
got zero on them.
- All right,
what about our victims?
- George Burton, 45, no kids,
never married, no priors,
bought out the previous owner
ten years ago.
- And one Corey Westbrooke.
37.
Married to Teresa Westbrooke.
One kid, Jonathan Westbrooke,
16 years old.
None of them have priors.
- Got something
off the covert cam
from across the street.
- Okay.
- Camera clocked
the start of the robbery.
Okay, so...
shows the outside of the store.
Here's Teresa
and Corey Westbrooke.
Here comes our offenders.
Now Teresa looks right
into the offender's face.
A second later,
he pulls his mask down
and--and smashes the glass.
But right there,
Teresa saw one of their faces.
[suspenseful music]
- She lied to me.
- Hmm.
- [knocks]
Mrs. Westbrooke,
Officer Kevin Atwater.
How are we doing?
- What's going on?
- I hope I didn't catch you
at a bad time.
I was just hoping I could
ask you a few more questions.
- I already answered
all your questions.
- Yes, ma'am. Yes, you did.
But sometimes we have
muddy recollections
immediately after
a traumatic event,
so it helps to re-interview.
Is it okay if I step inside
and we talk?
- I have family here.
I don't want to upset my son.
- Understood.
Would you be more comfortable
at the district?
- No.
Just ask what you need to.
- I know I asked you
this question already.
But do you think you saw
any of the offenders' faces?
- They wore masks.
But before the robbery, do you
think you saw any faces?
- No.
- So Mrs. Westbrooke,
what you should know
is that we do have footage
from before the robbery.
And it looks like
you saw somebody.
- No, I didn't.
- I know you're scared.
I know they do
have your license.
But we can leave
a detail squad car
right outside to make sure that
you and your family
feels protected.
- Like you protected
my husband?
* *
I saw you had a choice.
You could have gotten
to him in time,
but you went for the other man.
Why did you go to him
instead of Corey?
Why?
- Mom.
Is everything okay?
- Everything's fine, baby.
I didn't see anything.
There was a glare.
I couldn't see anything.
- Thank you.
* *
.
- [groans]
[exhales]
- Hey.
You get anything from Teresa?
- Yeah. Yeah.
I was actually just about
to come find you, Sarge.
She claims she saw a glare,
couldn't make out
anybody's face.
- So she lied.
- Well, she's scared.
She just lost her husband.
She's got a kid.
The offenders know
where she lives.
- Okay, well,
we can send Patrol,
sit on their house,
make her feel safe.
- Already got a detail
sitting on them.
But we might wanna send
somebody else
to go try with her.
They might have better luck.
She blames me.
- Blames you for what?
I mean, nobody could
get through that glass.
- It wasn't really
like that, Sarge.
There was this moment before
where before the door closed,
I probably could
have got the Corey,
but I went
for the other victim.
No idea why.
- Hey.
Got a hit on the robbery.
My CI got word that
a watch showed up
at Royal Pawn,
yellow-gold Piaget,
match for our stolen jewelry.
They open up real early
in the morning.
- Okay, good.
All right, get Burgess
to take a run at Teresa.
Hit the pawn shop
with Adam tomorrow.
- Yes, sir.
- I don't sell
stolen merchandise.
- We know that it's here.
Who sold it to you?
- I can't tell you something
that never happened.
I don't have it.
- Hey, whoa,
where are you going?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Don't touch that.
[tense music]
* *
Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop!
What are you doing?
- I'm doing exactly
what you're doing.
I'm not cooperating,
because we got two dead bodies,
and it seems like you think
we're playing games,
but we're not.
I'll take everything in here
into inventory,
because it all look like
stolen merchandise to me.
- Well, I got receipts
on all of it.
- You can have as many receipts
as you want,
but that don't mean
that it's not stolen.
We still gotta take it in
and clear it.
- He can't do this, right?
- Who sold you
the stolen jewelry?
Just give us a name.
It's that simple.
That's all we need.
- Whoa, would you just stop?
- Stop me.
Go ahead,
try to stop me, I dare you.
I don't think this is
what you want, man.
- I don't have cameras.
I don't get names.
- You got eyes, don't you?
- The guy who sold it
was white.
Maybe 6 feet, buck 60.
- You got an age,
defining features, tattoos?
- He had a hat on.
- What else?
- He had a tattoo
on his neck,
looked like barbed wire
or something.
- Thank you.
* *
- Damn.
Lot of white dudes with
barbed wire tattoos, ain't it?
- We can narrow them down
with armed robbery
and assault.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hey, so that in there.
- What?
The man wasn't gonna talk
if we ain't press him hard.
You know that.
All right, I got 12 hits.
- Yeah, I got 8.
All right,
let's run them by the owner.
See if he can an ID.
- All units on the city-wide,
armed robbery in progress
at Rose Gold Jewelers,
Jewelers Row.
Caller states
two masked armed offenders
shattered the front windows.
- That's them. That's them.
They're hitting again.
50-21 David, we're responding.
We're close to that.
Hold us down.
- Copy, 50-21 David.
Holding you down.
* *
- Get out the way,
get out the way!
Everybody, move out, move out.
- They shot a lady!
- Come on back!
- They shot a lady in there,
and they're robbing the place.
- 50-21 David,
the call is bona fide.
We're on scene,
and we're going in.
- Copy, 50-21 David.
Backup en route.
- Body.
* *
50-21 Ida, I got one DOA.
- Copy, Ida.
[loud thump]
- You ready?
- Yeah.
Stop!
Out the way.
- 50-21 David,
I got two masked offenders
going eastbound
down the alley on Madison.
Chicago PD, stop!
[gunshot]
- I got this guy.
I got him. Cover me.
[gunshot]
[person screams]
- Hey!
10/1, 10/1,
shots fired at the police.
We got a man down.
- All right, listen.
You're okay, all right?
It didn't hit anything.
I'm gonna call
an ambulance for you.
Just keep pressure right there.
This guy's good.
It's through and through, Kev.
- Yo.
- 50-21 Ida,
got a civilian shot,
shoulder, non-life-threatening.
Get an ambo
to Wabash and Madison.
- You okay. You okay.
All right, just put pressure
on that, all right?
You're gonna be good.
There you go.
Right there.
Right there. Right there.
.
- You got nothing
to worry about.
You're in good hands, sir.
- Kev.
What happened?
Why did you stop chasing?
- Looked like he was
losing a lot of blood.
I had to apply pressure.
- It was a clean exit wound;
I told you that.
I cleared him.
- Well,
I made a different call.
- All right,
we might have had him.
I'm trying to figure out--
- I don't know what else
you want me to say.
I made a different call.
I didn't really have
the eyes to really tell
how bad the shot was,
so I did what I had to do.
I'll take whatever heat
I gotta take if I--
- You know that's not
what I'm saying.
- What are you saying then?
- Bro, it's me.
Kev, what is going on?
- Nothing.
- If you need to talk--
- No.
- If you want to talk--
- I don't wanna talk.
I made a different call.
I'm not about to regret
stopping a man from bleeding.
- All right. All right.
We'll work the scene.
I'll call the team.
- That's all we got?
- Patrol didn't have any luck.
Offenders fled in a
second getaway vehicle,
Toyota RAV4, most likely hot,
had no plates.
- PODs and red lights
lost it three blocks back.
- Got a dead end
with our pawn shop owner.
Guy looked at our six-pack,
ID'd a man
who's currently
serving 20 in Danville.
- Forensics also checked in,
got nothing so far--
no gloves, no masks.
- Listen, these men
are not smarter than us.
They're smashing up stores
with sledgehammers.
We get ahead of this right now.
All right,
so where are we at with Teresa?
- Nowhere.
She told me the same thing
she told Kev.
There was a glare.
- Yeah, and she's lying.
- Yes,
but she's sticking to it.
- Well, then find something
that will make her
tell the truth,
find some leverage.
Or we'll charge her
with obstruction.
- Sarge,
she just lost her husband.
- Yeah.
And someone just lost
a wife, a mother.
Okay, these men are escalating.
They're aggressive.
Teresa cannot lie to us.
All right, find something
that'll break her,
or we charge her.
[knock at door]
- Hey, I saw the light on,
wanted to make sure
everything's okay.
- Yeah.
Why wouldn't it be?
- You missed Spades night.
- Mm, damn, I forgot
all about Spades night.
You're right, you know--
- It's okay.
I understand.
The kids, they finally
wanted to partner up with me,
and we lost every single game.
[laughs]
What you doing in there?
Looks like you could use
a break.
How about a drink?
- Yeah, come on in.
It's hard to say.
I just feel like
I made the wrong choice.
Tried to save a man
I couldn't even save.
- An impossible choice
is what that sounds like.
And that doesn't sound
like a choice at all.
- Definitely had a choice.
Trust me.
I saw both of them,
and I chose.
I don't know why I chose him.
- Maybe there's not a why.
- I mean, if I could
have just seen George,
the store owner,
if I could have
just known
what state he was in,
I would have
triaged for a fact.
Imagine if I can stop
that door before it closes,
then the offenders probably
wouldn't even got the owner.
Or if I could have got
to Corey and Teresa
before they ran for the door.
Hell, if my watch would have
stopped a minute sooner.
- You think you're responsible
for the watch?
You know, you do this thing.
You wanna take on everything,
where you think you're
accountable for everything--
this building,
the neighborhood,
the job, Jordan, Vanessa, me--
but no man
can carry everything.
- And I don't even think it has
anything to do with all that.
- Maybe, maybe not.
But you wanna be
accountable for this.
And this ain't something
you can be accountable for.
Neither one of those choices
would have been right.
Regret.
Now, that's something
I know a thing or two about.
It'll swallow you whole
if you let it.
[apprehensive music]
* *
- I-I don't wanna be here.
And the last thing
I wanna do is make things
harder for you or your family.
- Then don't.
- But I do need
to know what you saw.
- I didn't see anything.
- I know you want justice
for your husband.
- I want my family safe.
I didn't see anything.
- One more question
before I go, Mrs. Westbrooke.
When was the last
time you talked
to Devin Martin's parents?
- What?
- Devin Martin.
He never really recovered
from being beaten
by your son and his friends.
- That happened
over a year ago,
and that family has moved on
from what happened,
so what does that--
- No, actually,
losing the possibility
of a scholarship
changes things.
His leg never healed,
so he'll probably
never play ball again.
- What the hell are you doing?
- It's funny, there wasn't
really any evidence
on that case because Devin
wouldn't speak up.
But for whatever reason,
he was willing to talk now.
Lying to the police
is illegal, Teresa.
You're obstructing justice.
And trust me,
if you get charged with that,
it's gonna hurt worse.
- Worse than you
coming after my son?
- I'm so sorry.
* *
He was white.
Red hair,
tattooed,
like a chain around his neck.
- Is he here?
- Him.
That's him.
- Phillip Morrison.
Very good. Thank you.
I'm gonna leave a detail car
right outside.
Just--
- Get the hell out of my house.
* *
.
- We ran Phillip Morrison's
phone number,
and all kind of long-distance
calls popped up, Sarge.
That man was about to flee.
Bona fide flight risk.
- All right,
arrest warrant served quick?
- Yeah, clean and easy.
He was at home alone.
We went in there quiet.
No lights, no horns.
- Any sign of his co-offender?
- Nah, but we got undercovers
anchored down just in case
he decides to swing by.
- All right, good.
- Morrison has been sweating
in the box for an hour,
hasn't lawyered up.
- All right.
You find any weapons
at his house?
- Yeah, we got a Glock.
Doesn't match our ballistics,
though.
- Good. Let's go. You and me.
- All right.
- Three counts
of felony murder,
attempted murder
of a police officer,
aggravated assault,
assault with a deadly weapon.
I haven't even gotten
to the three armed robberies.
Uh-uh.
No, that's not how we play.
You do the crime,
you gotta look it in the eye.
You're going to prison.
You tell us right now
who you're working with,
we won't make it solitary.
- I got nothing to say.
- Wrong.
You do.
Just tell us. Give us his name.
- No.
- One name.
- I give you a name,
I'm in a grave.
The man's insane.
I've got nothing to say.
- See that? Look at this.
Did you hear what
he just said about solitary?
You know what we can make sure
doesn't happen in solitary?
Ain't gonna be no calls,
no visits, or no letters.
You'll never see
your girlfriend
or your daughter again,
trust me.
- I can't talk to you, man.
- Yes, you can.
- Who you working with?
- I can't.
- Phillip, we know that
you've been trying to contact
your girlfriend's family
out there in Mexico
to get them out the way.
You wanna set them up
so they can be safe.
They're your family, right?
- I'm not the one
who killed anybody.
- But you also don't wanna
don't wanna
see your family, man.
One last look. Here we go.
'Cause we ain't got time
for this, Phillip.
- It wasn't supposed
to be like this.
I took one job.
- Just tell me
who you working with.
- It was one job on a whim.
Please, man.
- Who?
Let's go. Forget it.
- Please.
Aiden.
[suspenseful music]
Travis Aiden.
* *
- [whistles]
- Chicago PD, arrest warrant!
* *
- Bathroom, clear.
- Bedroom's clear.
- Yeah,
we're clear back here too.
He ain't home.
We gotta look for him.
50-21 David, I wanna put
a flash message out
on the city-wide.
- All units,
hold your traffic.
David, you have the air.
- This is David.
Be on the lookout
for a Travis Aiden.
Adam, Ida, David, Eddie, Nora.
White male, 6'3", 235 pounds,
armed and extremely dangerous,
wanted under the authority
of Intelligence.
- There's no sign
he packed a bag.
Drawers are all full.
* *
- Yeah, I got the proceeds.
- Got about
an ounce of coke here.
- Got some utility bills,
found a phone number.
- We got the number on file?
- I don't think so.
I don't recognize the prefix.
It's in his sister's name
but registered to this address.
- Yeah, it's probably what
he's using as a burner.
We can ping that. I got it.
- All right.
Phone just turned.
Aiden is still moving.
He's near 47th now.
- Wait, did he just stop?
I got him sitting
on 47th and Vincennes.
- Yeah, it looks right.
He stopped now.
We got about
a three-block radius.
- Copy.
We're headed that way now.
We got any last-knowns there?
Family, a girl?
- No.
Aiden is all West Side, 47th.
That's where Teresa lives,
48th and Lawrence,
and this man has her license.
If Morrison tipped him off
that Teresa could ID him,
he's going there to kill her.
50-21 David, squad,
I need to mobile
with the protection detail
assigned to Teresa Westbrooke.
- 13-06, go 50-21 David.
- I need you to cover the back,
cover the front of the house.
The offender's phone
just pinged on your block.
He's coming your way.
- We're not on the house.
We ran into the station
to switch out
with the first watch.
- Wait, what?
Nobody's at the house
and nobody's
corresponding with 50-21?
[tense music]
* *
I'm here.
- Do you have eyes on Aiden?
- I don't have eyes yet,
but he could
possibly be inside already.
- We're 5 minutes out, Kev.
* *
- We got signs of forced entry.
I'm going in; I'm going dark.
Shh.
I'm the police.
I already met you, okay?
I'm only here because there's
a bad guy in your house.
Is your mom upstairs?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah?
Okay.
I need you to go in this
bathroom and lock the door.
I got it.
* *
[thumping]
[gunshots]
- [screaming]
- It's okay. It's okay.
Stay back. Don't move!
Stay right there.
- What? Oh, my God.
What is happening? Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Jonathan!
- He's downstairs.
He's safe, okay?
- Who is in my house?
- Teresa,
come here, come here.
I need you
to hold this down for me.
Hold this tight.
Teresa?
- No.
- Come on, Teresa.
Will you call it in? Call 911.
- No, I'm not helping him.
And you shouldn't
be helping him.
- Hang on.
- No, this is not right.
You don't choose him.
- 50-21 David,
shots fired by the police.
I got an offender down
with two GSWs.
I need you to roll an ambo
to 4826 Lawrence.
That's 4826 Lawrence.
- No, this is not right.
- [gasping]
- Hang on.
- He's not the one
that gets to live.
Jonathan.
Jonathan, baby.
Jonathan, where are you, baby?
- Hold on tight. Yeah. Yeah.
.
- Hey. Bro.
- They wrapped they scene,
they cleared me.
Can't complain.
- All right, good. Good, good.
Patrol's gonna get their asses
handed to them for rolling.
Aiden's on his way
to the hospital.
Word is he's gonna make
a full recovery.
- Lockup keeper confirmed it.
- Yeah?
- Confirmed what?
- Look, Morrison said
he was calling his lawyer,
called Aiden instead.
Must have tipped him off
that Teresa could ID him.
Everything we gave him
is null and void.
All right,
let's get the book going.
Hey, Kev.
You remember in training
about multiple victims--
who you choose, remember that?
- No, I don't remember.
- 'Cause it isn't there.
We don't have it.
Look, you save
who you can save.
[pensive music]
You did good.
Let it be done now, huh?
* *
- Regret.
It'll swallow you whole
if you let it.
* *
- [screams]
No, Corey!
* *
- Damn!
[gunshots]
- Ah!
- [sobbing]
Baby, please, get up.
- I got him! I got him!
- Corey!
* *
[tense music]
[wolf howls]